How is my grandma?
The patient's condition is not optimistic
Advise family members to be mentally prepared
No way. My grandmother is very body conscious.
How could it suddenly get worse?
Because I called his granddaughter morally corrupt
Seducing men everywhere outside
Be someone else's mistress?
Master said
My grandmother has no enmity with you
Why did you hurt him?
You broke up with Yuhang and came to seduce him
It cost the aerospace industry its job.
originally
I just want to give that old woman a good education
You didn't expect the old woman to be so disappointing
Just a few words and I was so angry that I had a heart attack.
Do you think this is retribution?
How dare you hit me
I never wanted to get back together with Jiang Yuanhao
He was unilaterally entangled
And you better hope my grandma's okay
I won't let you go.